doc: add phrases on recommending tags of addon helpers (#683)
nodejs/node-addon-api: README.md

See [benchmark/README.md](benchmark/README.md) for more details about running and adding benchmarks.

<a name="resources"></a>

### **More resource and info about native Addons**
- **[C++ Addons](https://nodejs.org/dist/latest/docs/api/addons.html)**
- **[N-API](https://nodejs.org/dist/latest/docs/api/n-api.html)**
- **[N-API - Next Generation Node API for Native Modules](https://youtu.be/-Oniup60Afs)**

As node-addon-api's core mission is to expose the plain C N-API as C++

> wrappers, tools that facilitates n-api/node-addon-api to provide more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
wrappers, tools that facilitate n-api/node-addon-api providing more
```

> convenient patterns on developing a Node.js add-on with n-api/node-addon-api

Reviewer: ```suggestion
convenient patterns on developing a Node.js add-ons with n-api/node-addon-api
```

can be published to NPM as standalone packages. It is also recommended to tag

> the package with `node-addon-api` to expose more visibilities on community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
such packages with `node-addon-api` to provide more visibility to the community.
```

Quick links to NPM searches: [keywords:node-addon-api](https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=keywords%3Anode-addon-api).

## **Contributing**

> We love contributions from the community to **node-addon-api**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We love contributions from the community to **node-addon-api**!
```
